Conceptual questions.

1(a) 
This program has the user pick a numerical method to model simple harmonic motion.
First it asks for which numerical method to use (Euler or Verlet), the initial angle, the time step, and number of steps. 
It then loops through the number of steps to calculate position, velocity, and period for each step using the chosen numerical method. 
After the loop it calculates the uncertainty in the period.
Finally it plots theta with respect to time. 

1(c)
The Verlet method is a better numerical method for simple harmonic motion. 
Simple harmonic motion should alternate between the inital position and the negative initial position. 
Which means there should not be a theta greater than the original theta, i.e its amplitude shouldn't change. 
And the amplitude does change using the Euler method, but not with the Verlet method. 
This means the Verlet Method is a better model for simple harmonic motion. 

2(a) 
Data science is concerned with the study of data. 
This includes gathering it , analyzing it, and interpreting it.

2(b) 
Machine learning is a process in which data is put into a computer that has instructions on what to look for.
Different than normal computer processes, the computer is taught what to look for not how to do it.
This "trains" the computer, so that it can assess not only the data it was taught with, but novel data too.  
This makes algorithmically diffcult tasks like facial recognition easier. 

2(c)
Data science and machine learning are important for ananalyzing the large amount of data we now collect. 
Most problems where the data is almost always different (images, faces, strange credit card purchases) have many dependent variables.
There is too much much data, so writing an algorithm for these problems is difficult. 
But machine learning is much faster, and more accurate for these large data type problems.

2(d)
Machine learning can be used to estimate the condition of vegitation in a region. It looks for light reflected off of chlorophyll.
But the machine has to be taught to looks for only plants, not just random green objects. 
https://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/12/deep-learning-satellite-imagery.html

You can use machine learning to differentiate between what is a galaxy, what's a planet, and other astronomical objects. 
https://www.physcos.physik.lmu.de/research/machinelearning/index.html
